API Rename base_estimator in CalibratedClassifierCV (#22054)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

Changelog
---------

:mod:`sklearn.calibration`
......................

- |Enhancement| Rename variable names in :class:`CalibratedClassifierCV` and
   :class:`_CalibratedClassifier` to improve readability. `base_estimator`

>    isrenamed to `estimator`. :pr:`9104` by :user:`Kevin Roice <kevroi>`.

Reviewer: missing space between `is` and `renamed`

> - |Enhancement| Rename variable names in :class:`CalibratedClassifierCV` and
>    :class:`_CalibratedClassifier` to improve readability. `base_estimator`
>    is renamed to `estimator`. :pr:`9104` by :user:`Kevin Roice <kevroi>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Rename variable `base_estimator` to `estimator` in
   :class:`CalibratedClassifierCV` to improve readability. `base_estimator`
   is deprecated and will be removed in 1.3.
   :pr:`22054` by :user:`Kevin Roice <kevroi>`.
```
